{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
READ ME \'96 NACef\
\'a0\
Welcome to the NACef (Community-Acquired Pneumonia, Endotypes, and Phenotypes) Code Repository. This repository houses code and resources related to the NACef dataset, a comprehensive collection of clinical information from 768 patients diagnosed with Community-Acquired Pneumonia (CAP) at Clinica Universidad de La Sabana, Colombia. CAP is a significant infectious condition associated with high morbidity and mortality rates during hospitalization. The dataset includes Baseline Clinical Data, In-hospital follow-up, and post-hospital discharge information, captured in the context of a prospective research study, forming an observational cohort in translational medicine. This dataset is a valuable resource for conducting various statistical analyses and educational initiatives, enhancing our understanding of NAC, Endotypes, and Phenotypes.\
\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Navigating This Repository
\f0\b0 \
\'a0\
This repository is organized to facilitate easy access to the tools and information necessary for working with the NACef dataset. Here's what you can expect to find:\
\'a0\
Python Code: Contains scripts and notebooks that demonstrate how to perform descriptive statistics on the dataset. These resources are designed to help users understand the dataset structure, access data points, and start their analysis.\
\'a0\
Dataset on Physionet: For a comprehensive overview of the dataset, including descriptions of variables and details on the data collection process, please visit the corresponding dataset page on Physionet. Here, you can find additional resources to support your research endeavors.\
\'a0\

\f1\b Acknowledgement
\f0\b0 \
\'a0\
If you utilize code or concepts from this repository in your research, we kindly ask you to acknowledge this contribution by citing the dataset as described on the PhysioNet project page: NACef. Such recognition supports the continued development and dissemination of resources like this.\
\'a0\

\f1\b License
\f0\b0 \
\'a0\
This repository is licensed under the MIT License. This permissive license allows for almost unrestricted freedom to use, modify, and distribute the software, provided that the license and copyright notice are included with any substantial portions of the software.\
\'a0\
For more details on the license, please refer to the LICENSE file in this repository.\
\'a0\

\f1\b Getting Started
\f0\b0 \
\'a0\
To get started with the NACef dataset and the associated code, we recommend the following steps:\
\'a0\
Familiarize Yourself with the Dataset: Review the dataset documentation to understand its structure, types of data included, and the scope of the information it covers.\
\'a0\
Explore the Python Code: The provided Python scripts and notebooks are excellent starting points for conducting basic data analysis. They can help you learn how to manipulate the data, perform descriptive statistics, and visualize key findings.\
\'a0\
Engage with the Community: If you have questions, suggestions, or would like to contribute to the repository, don't hesitate to reach out. Collaboration is key to advancing research in this area.\
\'a0\
Thank you for your interest in the NACef Code Repository. We look forward to seeing the contributions this resource will make to the understanding and treatment of Community-Acquired Pneumonia.\
}